cd ..
./node_modules/.bin/tsc --init
./node_modules/.bin/tsc --init
npx tsc --init
ls
cat tsconfig.json 
ls
clear
npx tsc --watch
node -v
nodejs -v
ls
npm i --save-dev @types/node
ls
npx tsc
npx tsc --watch
clear 
ls
clear 
node index.ts 
node index.js
clear
node index.js
node index.js
node index.js
node ./callback/callback.js 
node ./callback/callback.js 
node ./callback/callback.js 
node ./callback/callback.js 
node ./callback/callback.js 
node ./callback/callback.js 
node ./callback/callback.js 
node ./callback/callback.js 
node ./callback/callback.js 
cd ..
cd ts
l
node ./callback/callback.js 
node ./callback/callback.js 
node ./callback/callback.js 
node ./callback/callback.js 
node ./callback/callback.js 
node ./callback/callback.js 
node ./callback/callback.js 
node ./callback/callback.js 
node ./callback/callback.js 
node ./callback/callback.js 
ls
node ./promise.js
node ./promise.js
node ./promise.js
node ./promise.js
node ./promise.js
node ./promise.js
node ./promise.js
node ./promise.js
node ./promise.js
node ./promise.js
node ./promise.js
node ./promise.js
node ./promise.js
clear
node ./promise.js
node ./promise.js
node ./promise.js
node ./promise.js
node ./promise.js
node ./promise.js
node ./promise.js
node ./promise.js
node ./promise.js
node ./promise.js
node ./promise.js
node ./promise.js
node ./promise.js
node ./promise.js
node ./promise.js
node ./promise.js
node ./promise.js
node ./promise.js
node ./promise.js
node ./promise.js
clear 
node ./promise.js
node ./promise.js
l
node ./promise.js
node ./promise.js
node ./promise.js
node ./promise.js
node ./promise.js
node ./promise.js
node ./promise.js
node ./promise.js
node ./promise.js
node ./promise.js
node ./parallel-promises.js 
node ./parallel-promises.js 
node ./parallel-promises.js 
node ./parallel-promises.js 
node ./parallel-promises.js 
node ./parallel-promises.js 
node ./parallel-promises.js 
node ./parallel-promises.js 
node ./parallel-promises.js 
node ./parallel-promises.js 
node ./parallel-promises.js 
node ./parallel-promises.js 
node ./parallel-promises.js 
node ./parallel-promises.js 
node ./parallel-promises.js 
node ./parallel-promises.js 
node ./parallel-promises.js 
node ./parallel-promises.js 
node ./parallel-promises.js 
node ./parallel-promises.js 
node ./parallel-promises.js 
node ./parallel-promises.js 
node ./parallel-promises.js 
node ./parallel-promises.js 
ls
git status
clear
git status
git add .
clear
git status
clear
